Let's call it a day.
Why must Wu Jingguo be killed?
That's right, someone must kill Wu Jingguo
I kill him
Nanjing is the hate in my heart
Lord Killer, meet Lord Guard
Warden
Are you calling the shots for us?
My wife and mother were all maimed by Wu Jingguo
This is an adult
It's him. Kill him. Kill him
Kill him kill your dog eye
That's the wake day of our Daxia Protecting Country Muse Huojiang Town
Meet the adults what he he he
He's still on fire
Get up.
They give me good benefits
Sun family raiding
All men sent to the frontline battlefield
Sun Wu
Sun Guizhi Sun Liancheng
Fraud Chen Huang
Almost led to Chen Huang and destruction
For treason
Death penalty! Forgive me!
Forgive me, before the death penalty
I want them to tell me what happened to my daughter
All over again